[RHIDP-7712]: Add configuration files reference to the Configuring title (#2257)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-custom-resource.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="custom-resource_{context}"]
= {product-custom-resource-type} custom resource

[role="_abstract"]
When you use the {product} Operator, the `{product-custom-resource-type}` custom resource is the central deployment configuration. It defines how the Operator creates and manages the {product-short} instance, and references the config maps and secrets that contain your configuration files.

The following fields control key aspects of the deployment:

`spec.application.appConfig.configMaps`::
References config maps containing your `{my-app-config-file}` files.

`spec.application.dynamicPluginsConfigMapName`::
References the config map containing the `dynamic-plugins.yaml` file.

`spec.application.extraFiles`::
Mounts additional config maps, secrets, or PVCs as files in the {product-short} container.

`spec.application.extraEnvs`::
Injects environment variables from config maps, secrets, or inline values.

`spec.application.route`::
Controls route or ingress configuration.

`spec.database`::

> Controls the built-in PostgreSQL database (enable or disable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls whether the built-in PostgreSQL database is enabled or disabled.
```
